In the Arthi Airtel, 7000 crore block deal can be sold soon. Promoters can sell shares. Today, in the RBL bank, 700 crore of big profits can be sold. 3% share of the share is around 370 rupees. Floor price is there. Sunfarmer has presented a good result in the second half. The profit is 2.5% and the revenue is 9% bigger. The margin is also improved. The second and third percent are the profits of Britain. The margin is also 3% bigger. In the second half, 12% of the profit is 26% bigger. The margin is also improved. The paint division, the CEO of Birla Opus, Hargave has given a good result. The second and third percent are the profits of the inter-globe aviation, which is 990 crore and 26 crore. The margin of airlines is 11% bigger and is around 19%. Today, in the Nifty Company, the results of Apollo hospitals are the same. In the same way, ABB, Chola, Lupin, Godrej Property, Samet, will also be waiting for the results of 14 companies. MSCI India is the target of change in the Standard Index.発 Dana jazz in Sugar Blossom MAJAre alaut m 28, 247, 46, 40, We will be trying to save the US market today. After the closing of Tuesday, we have received many important numbers. The number of numbers that we have to react to today is 3 from the Nifty 50 companies. We were waiting for a few months for an expiry session. And today, we have to do the phase one polling of the election. Nitish Kumar or Tejasvi Yadav will confuse the market. When the expiry session is over, you will see that the trading session will be on your screens. Tuesday morning, I was saying that the Indian market is testing its boundaries. By the end of the day, the market was closed and the test results were announced. The day after that, the Indian market was consolidating its boundaries. The phase of correction is being extended. The sellers are dominating the Indian market. After the good momentum of October, the market was clearly on the screens. On the day of the expiry, the Indian market was at the lowest of the expiry days. How will the Guru's start be? He is on the screens. To say 30-30 points, in green, we will start the expiry day of today's session. The expiry day means the weekly contract of the SINSEX expiry is being held. Let's start. Let's show the global view. The MSCI was flashing down. We have already read the headline. I am not going back to that. Our Asian peers. Let me see what is in the Asian peers. They did their work yesterday and today. Just look at the mood of the day. Otherwise, why can't we take more than that? The work that is being done in Asia on your screens is being done in green. But we are saved in one day's session. What actually happened? When we were finishing the session, the futures of the US were 1-1.5% working with pressure. The futures were working with good pressure. And in the actual session, the pressure was up to half of the 2%. There were three benchmarks in the problem, especially the constituents of NASDAQ and AI-related stories. But yesterday, Wednesday, and the day after, we saw that the three benchmarks were working with half of the 2% of the work. And today's futures are largely flat. So what happened? Tuesday, where we left off, and where we are standing today, it is more important to look at that. Because one day, the pressure came, the other day, the pressure has gone up to a certain extent. If you are looking at the DAO, you have to make it a little faster. But this is not the case in the other benchmarks. The SNP is where it is left off, and NASDAQ is where it is pressed. So where the big ones were left off, you are getting slightly better DAO than the ones that are left off. And this is the reason, maybe, that after two days, when we are opening up, we are opening up with a little greenery. We are opening up with a name of the month. But what happened in these two days was interesting. Let's understand it with Harmas. Harmas Bhai Sahib, good morning. Good morning, Ashish. The cues are a little bit distorted. Because the month that was left off, if you look at it, if you come down one day, then you get to look at it so fast the next day. It didn't happen like that. The jittery recovery, which you say, we got to see that kind of recovery tomorrow. If you look at DAO, the returns of two days are zero. Because the month that was down to 250, tomorrow it went to 250, so it is almost zero. But if you look at S&P 500 and NASDAQ, the losses of Mangalwar, they couldn't recover. The month that was down to 500, tomorrow it went to 150 and it is closed. And that too, it has come down from high. So, a little jittery recovery, which you can say, because the month that was left off, It didn't come to be fun, it was convincing. And the sell-off that was done in the semiconductor stocks, Mangalwar and Budhar in Asia, by combining it with the market cap of about 500 billion dollars, It was wiped out in these two sessions. Now, why did this recovery come yesterday? Because the macro data was a little bit correct. The private payrolls of ADP data were better than the annual data. It has come out of the Aqda of Rs. 42,000. After the fall of the three months, and it was the annual data of Rs. 22,000, So, in comparison, the Aqda of Rs. 42,000 was correct. And the second is that the services PMI Aqda was the best Aqda of the eight months. The Aqda of Rs. 52.4, the last month was the Aqda of Rs. 50, And the orders index of the Aqda was the highest Aqda of the year. So, due to these positive macros, which were seen to be a little recovery in the market, But due to these positive macros, which were not able to cut in the Fed's interest, It has become less. After the statement of Jerome Powell, it came up to 70% If you see tomorrow, according to the CME, that probability is now at a sixth. The big issue was that yesterday, there was a hearing on tariffs imposed on Donald Trump in the Supreme Court. All the judges there, all of them, the US Solicitor General, D. John Sauer, They were asked, what kind of tariffs are you putting on it? There are many judges, one of them is Sonia Sotomayor. She said that since the emergency powers that have been imposed on her since 1977, No other country has put such tariffs apart from Donald Trump. And the Solicitor General replied that the tariffs have not been imposed on the purpose of revenue generating, Rather, they have been imposed on regulatory tariffs. But the judges did not even respond to that, they said that you are generating revenue. So, do not say that the purpose of revenue generation was not there. Donald Trump has said many times that we will finance our deficit from this. Many of them have been imposed on tariffs. Did the court make any decisions? No, they have not. Will it be a hearing? Yes, it will be a hearing. When will they make a decision? They have not yet made a date. They have not made a date. They have raised questions on their decisions. They have raised questions. Because, if they could be in favour of them, they would have given the verdict. No, they have raised questions. And also, Scott Besant, who was present in that hearing, He also said that the judge, The way he presented the verdict is very embarrassing. He does not have the economic knowledge. He said that. In the elections, the mayor and the mayor were going through elections. Democratic voters have won a lot. Donald Trump has also said that the record has been shut down because of shutdown. Because, it has been shut down for 37 days. This is a record. And he said that because of shutdown, the Republicans have lost. And they should start the government again. And he also said that he did not have a name on the ballot, So, Democrats have also won. And because of this, the handover is still a bit jittery. The dollar has come back to 100. So, it is more important to keep an eye on that. So, the globe's cues are not getting enjoyed. Say negative. Even though it is green, but negative. Cues are bad. Green is fine in its place. If we talk about actual signs, then it is not getting fun. Now, let's understand the approach of our markets today. I remember last week, on Friday, when we were earning money, We were talking about the weakness that this market will not be visible. We will be able to see the pressure from the people. And maybe, we are going to test our important averages. And the pain has gone away. It was a good call to sell the markets at high levels. But now, the Nifty call is good. But Nifty Bank is still standing in the commanding position. What should we do in this market? Good morning, Ashish. Nifty Bank, no doubt about that. I mean, we had a discussion on Mangalbar, Sombar, or Ashokkarbar. We had to take a short call on that. Because a branch of this market is very strong. Although, although, Tuesday, we saw some unwindings from PSU banks. Leaving State Bank of India. But the kind of structure and behaviour that is of the IEC, Bank and HTC Bank, How long will this strength last? I will take it and see if it is a little bit more than today. But still, it has not jumped in the red trajectory yet, Ashish. And there was a view from Ashokkarbar that we are heading towards 20 Reema on Nifty. As soon as it was reached the middle level, What was the level that day? 25827 and 25779. After that, there was a small pullback in the interim. But the silk trade worked on the trajectory. Ashokkarbar's close is exactly at 20 Reema. Ashish, where did this conmission come from? This was the first and second and third days of FIS, There was a shorting with cash selling. He sponsored this. He has now written the stats. 1,000 crore selling, That much of buying of 1,200 crore. But look at index. Since the start of this, They had cleared their message on the first day. Now we are selling at this level. 2,000 crore selling And net short contracts, 11,000 pairs of Ashish and 1277 contract long. That is, the net short that is just capitalised, has become 1,35,000. That is, in the interim of the 4-5 sessions, Almost 45-45 shots have been added. So this was their clear message. And Ashish, look at one more thing. If you look at these stats, Since option stats will not reflect anything, Because expiry was there. But look at stock futures. The selling of 46 crore selling, has cut the contract short of 47,000 long. So this pressure is not only going to index. This is also going to stock futures. Now we are selling with two option writers. One is 25,725,000. You will say that the price is very far. Yes, but we have got a good conviction, to sell on the call iters zone. First it was not over 26,000, Then it was not over 29,000, Then it was not over 25,000. For the day, Today we are selling with 25,700, 800 call iters. But look at, Why put? Look at the why of puts, Ashish. There is no conviction of put writers. Take a pyramid, What is the conviction of heavy call iters? And the conviction of put writers, has any kind of conviction. Look at this. Now the placement is 25,500, And after that 25,300. Take these levels. Look, I will describe you first, RS1, RS2. Since we are on 20 Dema, In one statement, I can say that you should buy 20 Dema blindly, for a short term pullback. I am not in that. Even, until RS1 and RS2, Both are not crossing, I will be in sell mode. After crossing RS1, Temporary swing towards RS2, is quite likely, quite possible. But I will try to get both the trajectories, to short rate. When the market gets conviction, on the higher side, to buy strength, short covering, it will be only on 8 to 9, and there on bank nifty, will be on 200. That will be an appropriate case, to buy strength. But otherwise, I will prefer short. When you do short, then what is the target? Take the base on the skin. Now you have two critical base. Either series base, 25,500 option base, base 1, or 10 week exponentialing average. I have more possibilities of 10 weeks. So if you are being short, please prefer base 1, base 2. Now this bank nifty is written. Remember, I am saying that, we have not entered the red zone yet. It is collapsing from above. But there are no opportunities to short in the trajectories. And look at outstanding Y at 58,000 put option. Even now, the put writer is not ready to surrender. Although there are colliders there, but they are not ready to surrender. Bring the levels. I am saying again, the thing that is in the middle, there will be no opportunity to short on the lower trajectories. Only if it fails to cross RS1, please write it down. 48,000 40 and 8,210. Listen to that. When it fails, then it will cross-sell. Otherwise, if RS1 is bisected, then the nifty bank will be strong. In that case, a move towards RS2 is possible. But failure to cross RS1 will be an appropriate opportunity for a cell. And remember one more thing. Base 1. This is the last week's swing. If it violates in any circumstances, then the bank will drift towards base 2. Trade accordingly. And that is exactly your 20-day-ma. Ashish. Perfect. This is the nifty-nifty bank's today's expiry day approach. Come to the expiry day of the sensex. Let's also add some stocks. Let's go to the next. Rajesh sathputhe.com Rajesh sathputhe.com is ready with the charts. Everyone is wearing grey hats today. Show the viru in this frame. Yes. All are grey. Why didn't you wear a tie? Black one? Me and Viru? I noticed that everyone is wearing green today. Ashish, nothing else. Good morning. Good morning, Akshay. Good morning, Viran. Good morning, everyone. Ashish, I think there is a better chart on the M&M chart. If you look at the person's condition, it was a long build up. The pattern that is being worn out will have an immediate target. It will be 3,650. It will be 3,650. It will be 3,650. It will be 3,650. It will be 3,680. It will be 3,700. So, M&M will buy with the stop loss of 3560. After M&M, if there is a counter or you like the sector, I think the realty sector is still a little participation. In the realty sector, the positive on the chart that is DLF. There is a good consolidation. It is sitting on the cluster. The lower end support of the cluster is the support zone. It is 770. It is 770. It is 770. It is 770. It is 770. It is 760. So, this cluster is strong. It is important for the positional trader. But as a swing trader, we have to buy with the 767 stop loss. And according to the swing trader, the first target will be the R1. That is where the call writer stands. That is the cut zone. So, the target of 800 is the DLF. The stop loss of 767. So, M&M and DLF, these are two my calls. Good point. Good point. The desire to make money in both. Mahendra and DLF, will come to the stop losses screens. Please note down. Satpande will come back at 8 o'clock. Then, we will talk about the rest. Satpande, thank you so much. Quickly, today's important stocks in news. Let's go to Kanchan. Kanchan, good morning. What do you say on the radar? Yes, good morning. Let's start with two big block deals. According to CNBC, the sources may be that in the Arbel bank, we will be seen with a block deal of Rs. 700 crores. M&M, through the deal, can sell the share of 3.45% at a floor price of Rs. 370. Let's move forward. We have to keep the focus of Indian et al. The block deal of Rs. 7000 crores is being announced. The promoters of the company can get a reduction through the block deal. Apart from this, numbers have come. First, let's look at the important numbers. Sun Pharma's numbers have come. The numbers are very good. Look at the specialty segment. They have a good growth. In fact, the growth of India's business and the US's business has been seen in the higher side. Due to US's innovative sales, the generic medicines have made a good milestone. They have also seen a good increase in global specialty sales. So, the numbers are showing positive. If we talk about the numbers of grass-based industries, the numbers are also showing positive. The chemical segment is also showing a good growth of 17%. There is a good growth in Birla Opus. Along with the financial services, the other segments are also showing the growth of the board in the positive side. There are key changes. We have also seen changes in management. Birla Opus, the segment of the decorative paint, has given a stifle. You have to keep the focus of the British company because the numbers have come. We have seen a growth in the British industry of around 8%. Across the segment, like the rust, wafers, fudge cakes, the traction there is very solid from the consumer side. Interesting numbers. The inter-globe evasion is also good. If I adjust it, the numbers are getting stronger. Anyway, today's brokler report, the rustling play out director. Jeffries grass-based airport. Because there are results in the grass, there is a resignation. So I pick this up. Jeffries is saying, buy for the price of 3,500 for the targets. As far as the result is, there is a slight beat. But the resignation of paint CEO is a negative surprise. It was a tough quarter for the paints. Market share gains there, but they were still continuing. Because the ex-CEO was very actively engaged. To scale up the paint business and in this tough competitive environment, investor sentiment will be cautious in the near term. So the near term caution, eventually they have to accept the price of 12 months. The price of 3,500. The month of Angel 1 is coming up on your sweet spot October. Keep watching. I am taking a break. When I return to that break, I will tell you the global trend of SMC. I will make a profit in commodities. Good morning. Market has trapped a little. After that, market is now increasing in the level of gift nifty. Make your morning core rocking with your first rate. The defense will break all the limits. With the most experienced and confident experts of the market. The bar today is worth buying. Stop loss is at 5,000-4,000. Say goodbye to the fear factor of the bull or beer. Carry your position in the market at this time. Let's carry on. Munafee's preparation is only on CNBC. Here, the answer to every question connected to the cities. Hold this position at 523. Hold this position at 1170. What position should be taken in FNO? Hold or sell? Since it is stronger, trade nifty should be a strategy. One-stop solution for every confusion connected to stocks. You should avoid any trade if you are cautious in both indexes. See the traders hotline. Only on CNBC. You are watching Future Express. Every action of the FNO market. Until you have 25-20 tips as a trader. Take the tall option or put option. You can hold it with the same stop loss. They have the doms. They will not close the trail. Know which stocks will be your great earning. We are going to see the big tipped bank of 304. It can be traded here according to the reward of 950. See Future Express. Only on CNBC. I have not said this before. Bond e-s, dollar index is increasing. And dollar index is over 100. How will you earn? Vandana will tell you. Vandana ma'am, good morning. Today's calls. Ashi, silver and zinc have been holding a lot here. Silver is trading above $47. I think the buying return can be done after the initial correction. The silver will be sold at around $147,000. The target will be $148,200. The stop loss will be $146,500. The zinc has a strong commodity. It is in the back quarter. After the correction, copper is a strong commodity. I think the buying can be again emollated at around $998,000. The trade at around $998,000 is to be sold at around $105,000. The stop loss will be $995,000. I think gradually, it will be sold at around $1,014,000. Absolutely. The call to invest in silver and copper. Please note down the levels. Vandana ma'am, thank you so much for joining us. Today's events calendar. Thursday. And since we are preparing for the weekly contracts. We have one expiry. The other expires after the break. The first phase of the Bihar Assembly elections will be under way. For the 121st Assembly constituencies. The second phase will be in the second phase. The second and the next week will be the Friday. The results will be there. The decision to invest in Bank of England. There were several central banks updates this week. The decision to invest in Bank of England. There are some banks updates. Like ECB did not do anything. They expect to do something. The results will be there. Today, Apollo hospitals have to get a single number in Nifty. But let's keep it a promise. LIC, Chola Mandlam Investment, Cummins, ABB India, Zidas Life Sciences, Mankind Pharma, Lupin, NHPC, Godrich Properties, UPL, MCX, Umbar, Crompton and NCC. There are other companies of the 4th Vaheda Bazaar. Other than Apollo hospitals whose numbers. The list of the results is very long. There are many prominent names. Bajaj, Housing Finance, Exaweer, etc. who are coming to the cash. Zidas Life Sciences is not only on the results today. Along with the results, security issuance. They are preparing to raise Rs. 5,000 crore. Let's see what the board decides and what the fund raising is. Along with the results, my reality is that the stock is split. It is a face value of Rs. 10. I will keep two important eggs dividends. HPCL and Nippon Life. These adjustments will be played out today. There is no stock in FNO band today. Our manufacturing PMI will be coming at 10.30. There is a listing. Orkla India has to have a listing today. The issue price of Rs. 730. It was almost Rs. 75,000 crore. And it was a good response. It was full of IPOs from 49 times. The two days of the SBI. The SBI is starting the Banking and Economic Conclave today. Today, at 3 p.m. FM Nirmala Sitaraman will inaugurate this conference and this conclave. After that, there is a Q&A session. The chairman of the SBI will be moderating it with CS Shetty. With FM Sahiba. And at 5.15 p.m. The chairman of the Tweenkanta Pandey is also in this conclave. The keynote address is there. The decision to come to Brazil is here. The US Challenger Job Scuts update will be coming. This week, Tuesday, the Jold Job Opening was also here. When I will come to Global Cues in 8 p.m. I will come to that. And from the women's cricket team, today, President Sahiba is meeting the women's cricket team. Today, in afternoon, he has to meet them. The team is going to meet everyone there. I am leaving the Cues of Gift Nifty with me. 20-30 points in green. We are going to start the Thursday session. Let's take a break. When we return, let's say goodbye to today's Top 20. Only on CNBC's voice. Welcome to 10 K.R.I.N.G.R.T. Every day, at 10 p.m. a local show is prepared. If you don't respect the market, then you will feel miserable. There is no sustainable market here. The market masters will give you a great trading idea. I think that everyone should add long positions here. We are getting to see a very good transaction in commodity. Every day, we will make your earnings picture super hit. Stock specific move, Bihar Dhesha. We have captured the 50-70% of the market.