In the Arthi Airtel, 7000 crore block deal can be sold soon. Promoters can sell shares. Today, in the RBL bank, 700 crore of big profits can be sold. 3% share of the share is around 370 rupees. Floor price is there. Sunfarmer has presented a good result in the second half. The profit is 2.5% and the revenue is 9% bigger. The margin is also improved. The second and third percent are the profits of Britain. The margin is also 3% bigger. In the second half, 12% of the profit is 26% bigger. The margin is also improved. The paint division, the CEO of Birla Opus, Hargave has given a good result. The second and third percent are the profits of the inter-globe aviation, which is 990 crore and 26 crore. The margin of airlines is 11% bigger and is around 19%. Today, in the Nifty Company, the results of Apollo hospitals are the same. In the same way, ABB, Chola, Lupin, Godrej Property, Samet, will also be waiting for the results of 14 companies. MSCI India is the target of change in the Standard Index. Produciton Cadetzona RAppar End Consort Jai Bakar The fate of the Gurdwara will be decided by the protection of the Gurdwara. Good morning from Gurdwara! After one day's vacation, you are all welcome. I wish you all a very good morning from Guru Puraab, Kartik Pune. Let's start another important trading session. An interesting session. First of all, we will be trying to save the world from global issues and US problems. After the closing of Tuesday, we will be reacting to many important numbers. The number of numbers that we will react to today is 3 from Nifty 50 companies. We were fighting for a long time with an expiry session. And today, we are standing in front of another expiry session. And yes, today, we will be polling for the phase one of the Bihar elections. Nitish Kumar or Tejasvi Yadav will confuse the market. Anyway, when the expiry session is over, you will see the trading session on your screens. Tuesday morning, I was saying that the Indian market is testing its boundaries. By the time the market was closed in the evening, the test results were announced and we failed in the test. The day after that, the Indian market was consolidating its boundaries. We broke the boundaries in the expiry session of Mangalwar. The phase of correction is extended. The sellers are dominating the Indian market in the same way. And there is a clear exhaustion. After the good rally of October, the exhaustion is clearly played out on the screens. On the day of the expiry, the Indian market was under 25,600. How will the Guru's start be? He is coming on the screens. To say 30-30 points in green, say in green from the flat. We are standing in front of the expiry session. The expiry day means the weekly contract of the SINSEX expiry is being started. Bring the glow-up-viewing sting. The MSCI was flashing down. We have already covered the headline. I am not going back to that. Our Asian peers. Let me see what is in the Asian peers. They did their work yesterday and today. Just look at the mood of the morning. Otherwise, why can't we take more than that? Look at the work that is being done in Asia on your screens. All our peers are in green. But we are saved in the session of one day. What actually happened? When we were finishing the session of Mangalwar, the US futures were working with 1-1.5% pressure. The futures were working with good pressure. And in the actual session, the pressure was up to half to 2%. There were three benchmarks in the problem, especially Nasdaq's constituents, who are AI-related stories. But yesterday, Wednesday, Col, Ubre, the three benchmarks were working with half-a-half of the power. And today, the futures are largely flat. So what happened? Tuesday, where we left off, and where we are standing today, it is more important to look at. Because one day, the pressure came. The other day, the pressure went up to a certain extent. So if you are looking at the Dow, you have to make it a little faster. But this case is not in the remaining benchmarks. Where the S&P is, the Nasdaq is a little more pressure. So where the big money was, you are getting slightly better Dow. And this is the reason, maybe after two days, when we are opening up, we are opening up with a little greenery. We are opening up with a little greenery. But what interesting happened in these two days, let's understand it with Hormaz. Hormaz, good morning. Good morning, Ashish. The cues are a little bit distorted. Why? Because the price of the mangoes was sell-off. Usually, if you look at it, if you drop it one day, you get to look at it more quickly the next day. It didn't happen like that yesterday. The recovery you say, you got to see such recovery yesterday. If you look at the Dow, the returns of two days are zero. Because the mangoes were dropping 250. If they went down 250 yesterday, it is almost zero. But if you look at the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, the losses of the mangoes were not able to recover. The Nasdaq was 500 and it was only 150 yesterday. And that too, it has come down from the dead high. So, a little bit of a jittery recovery, which you can say, because the mangoes were sell-off, and yesterday... Jittery recovery means it didn't come to the full. It was convincing. Not convincing. In the same way. And the sell-off that was done in the semiconductor stocks, the mangoes and the budwaras in Asia, the market cap of about 500 billion dollars was wiped out in these two sessions. Now, why did this little recovery come yesterday? Because the macro data was a little bit correct. The private payroll data of ADP was better than the normal data. The profit of the Bialy 1000 was coming out after three months of the fall. And the profit of the Bialy 2000 was correct compared to that. And the second is that the services PMI's profit was the best in the last eight months. The profit of 52.4 was the profit of last month, and the orders index of the last month was the highest in the last one year. So due to these positive macros, there was a little recovery in the market, but due to these positive macros, the cut-off of the Fed's interest rate was less. After the statement of Jerome Powell, it came up to 70% If you see tomorrow, according to the CME, that probability is now left at a fixed rate. Yesterday, the big issue was that Donald Trump was being put in the Supreme Court. Tariffs were being heard. All the judges there, including the US Solicitor General, D. John Sauer, were asked about the tariffs on the Bialy 1000. Many judges, including Sonia Sotomayor, said that since the emergency powers were introduced in 1977, Donald Trump has not been put in such a tariff. And the Solicitor General replied that the tariff was not set for revenue generating purposes, but for regulatory tariff. But the judges did not even answer that you are generating revenue. So do not say that it was not for revenue generation purposes. Donald Trump has said many times that we will finance our deficit. Many of the tariff's were revenue generated. Did the court make any decisions? No, they have not. Will it be heard again? Yes, it will be heard again. When will they make a decision? It has not come to date yet. It has not come to date yet. The court has raised questions on their decisions. They have raised questions. Because they could have been in favour of the verdict. No, they have raised questions. And the court, who was present in the court, also said that... The finance minister. Yes, the way he has presented the Daryl, is very embarrassing. He does not have the economic knowledge. He said that. In the elections, the mayor's election, Democratic candidates have won a lot. Donald Trump has also said that the record has been shut down because of shutdown. Because it has been drawn for 37 days. This is a record. And he said that because of shutdown, the Republicans have lost. And they should start the government again. And secondly, he also said that my name was not on the ballot, so Democrats have also won. And because of this, the handover is still a bit jittery. The dollar has come to a hundredth of a cent. So it is more important to keep an eye on that. So, the globe's cues are not fun. Say negative. Even though it is green, but negative. The cues are bad. Green is fine in its place. The market is fine in its place. If we talk about actual signs, then it is not fun. Now, let's understand the approach of our markets on Thursday. I remember, last Friday, when we were doing the work of earning, we talked about the weakness that the market will not be visible. We will be able to see the pressure from the people. And maybe, we are going to test our important averages now. And the pain has gone away. It was a good call to sell at the high levels. Sell the markets at the high levels. But in front of that, now the Nifty call is right. But Nifty Bank is still standing in the commanding position. What should we do in the market? Good morning, Ashish. Look, Ashish, Nifty Bank, no doubt about that. I mean, the discussion that took place on our Mangalbar, Sombar, Ashokkar Bar, we had to take a short call on that. Because this cake branch, PSU banks are very strong. Although, on Tuesday, we saw some unwinding PSU banks leaving State Bank of India. But the kind of structure and behaviour which is the basis of the Bank and HTFC Bank, how long will this strength last? I will take it and see if you are not sure. But still, it has not jumped in the red trajectory yet, Ashish. We had taken the Shukwaka view that we are heading towards 20 Reema on Nifty. As soon as it was reached the middle level, what was the level that day? 25827 and 25779. After that, there was a small pullback in the interim. But the trajectory was heavy and the sell-credit rate worked. The close of the Shukwaka was exactly 20 Reema. Where did this conviction come from, Ashish? This was the first and second day of FIS which was the kind of shorting along with cash selling. He sponsored this. He wrote the stats on Sombar. The selling of Rs.1000 crore was about Rs.1200 crore. But look at the index. Since the start of this series, they had cleared their message on the first day. Now we are selling at this level. The selling of Rs.2000 crore and the net short contracts were Rs.11000 and Rs.1277 contract long. The net short was capitalised and now it has become Rs.1,35,000. In the interim of the 4th and 5th sessions, there were almost 45-50 shots, 1000 and more added. So, this was their clear message. Ashish, if you look at these stats, since the option stats will not reflect anything, because there was an expiry. But look at stock futures. The selling of Rs.6,400 crore has cut the short contract of Rs.7,400,000 to 25,000 long. So, this pressure is not only going to the index, but also to the stock futures. Now, we are getting a profit from two options writers. One is Rs.25,000 and the other is Rs.25,000. So, you will say that the price is very far. Yes, but we have to sell the most complex conmixtures on the call it as per the zone. First, we have to sell it for Rs.26,000, then Rs.25,900, then Rs.25,800. For the day, we have to sell it for Rs.25,700,800. But look at why put? Look at the why of put, Ashish. There is no convision for put writers. Let's take a look at the pyramids. What is the convision of heavy call itters? And what is the effect of any kind of convision on put writers? Look at this. Now, the placement is on Rs.25,500 and then Rs.25,300. Take these levels. Look, I will describe you first, Rs.1, Rs.2. Since we are on the 20-day limit, I can say in one statement that you should blindly buy the 20-day limit for a short-term pullback. I am not in that. Even until Rs.1, Rs.2 is not crossing, I will be in sell mode. After crossing Rs.1, the temporary swing towards Rs.2 is quite likely, quite possible, but I will try to get both the trajectories and try to get the short-term pullback. When the market gets a convision on the high side, to buy, strength, short-covering, it will be only on Rs.8-9 and then on the bank nifty, Rs.8-1-2-2. That will be an appropriate case to buy strength. But otherwise, I will prefer short. Okay, when you do short, then what do you do? What is the target? Take the base on this. Now, you have two critical base. Either series base, Rs.25,500 option base, base-1 or 10-week exponentialing average. I have more possibilities of 10-weeks. So, if you are going short, please prefer base-1, base-2. Now, this bank nifty is written. Remember, I am saying that we have not entered the red zone yet. It is collapsing from above. But there are no opportunities for shorting in the bottom trajectories. And look at outstanding Y at 58,000-put option. Even now, the port writer is not ready to surrender. Although, there is a callitress there, but he is not ready to surrender. Bring the levels. I am saying again, the bottom line. The opportunity to short a bank nifty on lower trajectories will not be given. Only if it fails to cross Rs.1, please write it. 48,000-40,000 and 28,000-210,000. When it fails, then it will cross. Otherwise, if Rs.1 is bisected, then the nifty bank will be strong. In that case, a move towards Rs.2 is possible. But failure to cross Rs.1 will be an appropriate opportunity for a cell. And remember one more thing. Bas1. This is the swing of last week. If it violates in any circumstances, then the bank nifty will drift towards base 2, trade accordingly. And that is exactly your 20-day-ma. Ashish. Perfect. This is the approach of the nifty-nifty bank. Today, the approach of a spirey day, a sensex spirey day, come, I will also give you some stocks. Let's go to Pune. Rajesh sathputhe.com Rajesh sathputhe is ready with chakachak charts. Everyone is wearing grey hats today. Show Veeeru in this frame. Yes, everyone is wearing grey. Why didn't you wear a tie? Black one? Me and Veeeru are wearing it. I noticed that today everyone is wearing grey. There is a coincidence. Nothing else. Anyway, good morning. Good morning, Ashish. Good morning, Viren and good morning. Good. Ashish, I think that is on the M&M chart. I think it is a better chart. If you look at the person, it was a long build-up. The pattern of the pattern is being worn, the target will be 3,680 to 3,700. So, we have to buy M&M with a stop-loss of 3560. After M&M, if there is a counter or you like the sector, I think there is still some participation in the realty sector. In the realty sector, the positive on the chart is DLF. There is a good consolidation. It is sitting on the cluster. The lower end support of the cluster is 770 to 760. So, this is important for a positional trader. But as a swing trader, we have to buy with a stop-loss of 767. According to the swing trader, the target will be R1, where the call-writers are at the nuts-zone. The target of the 800 will be the stop-loss of 767. So, M&M and DLF are to my cause. Good. The mind to spend in both. Mahendra and DLF will come to the stop-loss of both. Please note down. Satpande will join the 8 o'clock panel. Then, we will talk about the rest. Thank you so much, Satpande. Let's quickly go to today's important stocks in news. Let's go to Kanchan. Kanchan, good morning. What do you say on the radar? Good morning. Let's start with two big block deals. According to CNBC, sources can be that in the Arbil bank, we will be seen with a block deal of 700 crores. M&M can sell the share of 3.45% through a deal. The floor price is 370 rupees per share. Let's move forward. We have to keep the Indian et al in focus. The block deal of 7000 crores is being made possible. The promoters of the company can get a reduction through the block deal of their shareholdings. Apart from this, numbers have come. First of all, let's look at the important numbers. The numbers of Sun Pharma have come. The numbers are very good. Look at their specialty segment. They have seen good growth. In fact, India's business and the US's business have seen growth in the higher side. According to US's innovative sales, the generic medicines have made a good milestone. They have seen good growth in the global specialty sales. So, numbers are showing positive. If we talk about the numbers of grassy industries, then numbers are also showing positive. Their chemical segment has seen a good growth of 17% in the Birla Opus. Along with the financial services, the other segments across the board have seen growth in the positive side. There are key changes here. We have seen changes in management. The segment of the decorative plant in Birla Opus has been given by the CEO. You have to keep the focus in the UK today because numbers have come here. The volume growth in the UK has seen an increase of 8% in the market. Across the segment, like their rust, wafers, fudge cakes, the traction in the market has increased. The consumer is very solid. Interesting numbers. The integration has also increased. If I adjust the number of the forex, then the numbers are getting stronger. Anyway, today's brokler report, the rustling play out, Rector Sahab. Jeffries grassy airport. Because there are results in grassy, there is also a resignation. So, I will pick this up. The thing is, we have bought it for 3,500 price targets. As far as the results are, there is a slight beat. But the resignation of the paint CEO is a negative surprise. The tough quarter was for the paints. Market share gains were there, but they were still continuing. Because the ex-CEO was very actively engaged. To scale up the paint business and in this tough competitive environment, the investor sentiment will be cautious in the near term of the resignation. So, the near term of caution, eventually they will have to accept the price target of 12 months. For 3,500. The month of Angel One is coming up on your Sweets on October. Keep watching. I am taking a break. When I return after the break, then SMC Global's Vandana Bharti will tell you where to earn in commodities. Vandana Ma'am, good morning. I am coming. Vandana Ma'am, good morning. Vandana Ma'am, good morning. Vandana Ma'am, good morning. Vandana Ma'am, good morning. Vandana Ma'am, good morning. Every day, your earnings are super hit. Stock specific move is very sharp. And we captured 50-60-70% of it. Look, the powerful trade of 10K. Just on CNBC. The market has trapped a little. After that, the market is rising towards the level of gift nifty. The first trade you made is your morning core rocking. The defense will break all the limits. The most experienced and confident with experts in the market. The power of today's market is like buying. Stoplock is at 5-4. Tell the fear factor of the bull or beer. Good bye. Carry your position in the market at this time. The first deal is on CNBC. The story of today's market is very important. So, you have to put in 3 stocks. Do you know what the value of Nifty and Sansex? You should buy Nifty's ETF on every profit. If your view is medium to long term, it will be big money. And which stocks will make you the best? You should buy a trade. You can sell it for 3349. You have to buy a flat, otherwise you will be given a gap. The preparation of Munafee is only on CNBC. You should hold this position at the price of 1170. What position should you buy in the FNO? Should you sell it or sell it? Since it is stronger, you should have a trade Nifty. This is a strategy. The one-stop solution of your confusion related to stocks. You should avoid any trade if you are cautious in both indexes. See Traders Hotline. Only on CNBC. You are watching Future Express. Every action of the FNO market. Till you have 25520 as a Trader, buy the tips. You can hold it with the same stoplifts. It has a long term trade. It will not close the trade. Know which stocks will make your money. You are watching the very Nifty Bank of 304. It can be a trade with the Chhapar 950. See Future Express. Only on CNBC. This is the end of this video. Please subscribe to our channel. Thank you. How will you earn? Vandana Ji will tell you. Vandana Ma'am, good morning. Today's calls. Ashi, silver and zinc have been holding a lot here. Silver is trading above $47. I think buying return can be done after an initial correction. So buying in silver will be around $1,47,000. The target will be $1,48,200. The stoplifts will be $1,46,500. Zinc has a strong commodity. It is in the backquartation. After a correction, copper has a strong commodity. I think it can be bought again near 998. So it is a trade near 998. So you should buy. The target of $1,005 will be the stoplifts of $995. I think gradually it can be bought again near 1,014,1,015. Absolutely. The call to buy in silver and copper. Please note down the levels. Vandana Ma'am, thank you so much for joining us. Today's events calendar. Thursday. We are preparing for the weekly contracts for Sensex. One is expiry. The other is expiry. The first phase of the Bihar Assembly elections is the following. It will be underway. For 121 Assembly constituencies. The second phase will be the second and the next one will be the Friday. The results will be there. The decision of Bank of England to come to the Beajdor. There were several central banks updates this week. Bank of England's decision is there. But there is no Beajdor. Like ECB did not do anything. They expect that there will be no Chetchard. They will not do anything. For the results. Today Apollo Hospital is to get only one number in Snifty. But let's keep on counting. LIC, Chola Mandlam Investment, Cummins, ABB India, Zidas Life Sciences, Mankind Pharma, Lupin, NHPC, Godrich Properties, UPL, MCX, Umbar, Crompton and NCC. There are other companies of the 4th Vaheda Bazaar. Other than Apollo Hospital whose numbers. The list of the results is very long. And there are many prominent names. Bajaj Housing Finance, Exaweer, etc. who are coming to the cash. Zidas Life Sciences is not only on the results today. Along with the results, security issuance is also preparing to raise Rs. 5,000 crore. Let's see what the board decides and what the means are. This is fundraising. Today my reality is that the stock is split with the results. It is the face value of Rs. 10. I will keep two important eggs. HPCL and Nippon Life. These adjustments will be played out today. There is no stock in FNO band today. Our manufacturing PMI will be coming at 10.30 pm. There is a listing. Orkula India has to have a listing today. The issue price of Rs. 730. Almost Rs. 75 crore was collected and a good response was there. It was filled with IPOs from 49 times. The two days of SBI, SBI Banking & Economic Conclave is starting today. Today at 3 pm, FM Nirmala Sitaraman will inaugurate this conference and then there is a Q&A session. The chairman of SBI will be moderating it with CS Shetty. And at 5.15 pm, the chairman of Tweenkanta Pandey is also in this conglade. The decision of the Badge of Brazil has come. The US challenger is coming to update the job scuts. The gold job opening was also there on Tuesday. When I will come to Global Q's, I will go there. And today, the women's cricket team is meeting President Sahiba. He is meeting in Duphehar today. The team is going to meet everyone there. I am leaving with the Q's of Gift 50. 20-30 points in green. We are going to start the Thursday session. Let's take a break. We will return with the top 20. Namaskar. This is not a good camera action. We will exit in a new camera. Sars Bahu Walk Sensor. Only on CNBC Avas. The last 1.5 hours of the market action. If anyone carries the overnight position, then do hedge yourself. Hedge is very important in this market. Do it before the closing bell rings. You will earn a lot. The start of the day will be with the KTRNIC stock. Today, he has reversal from the top 20. With experts. You can make a position by looking at the early charts and momentum. The stock is the only way to accumulate wealth. Look at the wealth gap. Welcome to the 10-Kiranda Trace. Every day at 10 o'clock, be ready for a local show. If you don't respect the market, then you will feel miserable. There is no sustainable market here. The market masters will give you a great trading idea. I think that we should add long positions here. We are getting a great traction in the quality. Every day, you will earn a lot. Stock specific move. We captured a quick 60-70% from it.